[Characters, behaviors, places,
organizations, and events shown in the series
are entirely fictional,
are solely for entertainment purposes,
with no intention to instruct
or promote any kind of behavior;
viewer discretion is advised]
Let's use our lucky points.
"Lucky points"?
3,600 points.
That should be enough.
I'm someone
who will be by your side
for three months, Miss Jane.
You were sent to be my minion, right?!
Copy that, boss!
Yay!
Whoa!
Hey!
Get out!
If you can't do anything,
why did those above send you to me?
Goodbye, bargain-bin pick.
They have up to 48 hours
to request the wish back.
Your vocals are insane!
The Six Degrees of Separation theory.
There's a connection between everyone
through six people or fewer.
I'll finally know
who I actually am.
I'll make sure I find it!
Hot and sweet,
can't do chores,
has a sunny smile,
and beautiful vocals.
Out of all of that,
only one is actually useful.
This one.
"Beautiful vocals."
If we had to start investigating,
we'd start with your vocals.
So we start by searching
'Singers near me':
Auntie Noi, a former mor lam singer,
Uncle Seng, the legendary guzheng icon,
Auntie Ploen, the winner of 'The Vote',
Jin, the guitarist,
and GUN, the marching band director
in high school.
Well...
Who are these people?
Ugh!
They're my connections, obviously!
- I see...
- Mm!
Okay.
What kind of music do you like?
No clue.
Back in the day, if you liked a song,
what genre would it be?
Hm...
Maybe you could sing me
a couple of songs.
Whatever comes to mind.
What song should I sing to you?
♫Happy Birthday to you♫
♫Happy Birthday, Happy Birthday♫
You even crushed
a simple Happy Birthday song.
We're on the right track.
I got it!
DoubleBam!
Do you know her?
"DoubleBam"?
Is she famous?
I've never heard of her.
What?
I think your vocals resemble hers.
- Really?
- Mm!
I'll check her out.
Well, then...
It's gotta be him!
Jin.
He's my connection No. 1.
Jin, can you keep it down?
There are other people living here!
Sorry, Auntie.
What? Get a move on!
Who's she with?
Whoa!
Hello.
I thought I was seeing things.
How long has it been
since she came back to A-Mah's home?
Oh...
I'm sure I've come back from time to time.
And who's that?
Your lover?
No, you've got it wrong!
She's not my lover!
Just a friend.
So...
Is A-Mah not home?
I'm here!
Hey...
Hello, A-Mah.
Why are you here?
Oh, I just have something
to talk to Jin about.
And...
This is Z, my friend.
Please excuse me.
What? Where are you rushing off to, huh?!
You're running away
the moment you arrived?
This girl can't be saved to save her life.
'Sup, bro.
I need your help.
We're coming in now.
Six Degrees, my ass.
Nope, I'm out.
Delulu.
I'm not being delulu,
and you have to help me here
because you're my connection No. 1.
That's it.
See yourself out.
I'm going back to guitar practice.
Fine!
But don't you think
you're forgetting something?
I know all about your little secret.
Go ahead. I don't have any secrets.
A-Mah! Jin got his tongue pierced!
Fine, I'll help.
But you've gotta tell me
who your little friend is,
how you guys met,
and what family she's from.
Bro, drop the dad act.
If I'd known what family she was from,
I wouldn't have come all the way here.
It took a lot of courage
just to step foot in this house.
To be honest...
She's not my friend.
I knew it!
- Since the very moment you walked in...
- Man, let me talk!
She's not a friend,
but she is...
Listen carefully.
She's from above.
She's a lizard?
A gecko?
Gosh!
She's from Heaven.
Ever heard of it?
- Heaven?
- Mm!
So she's a fallen angel
going, "Wee, thud," right?
That's how you guys met?
Bro, you're not chronically online at all.
Do you know this?
"Lucky Points, your longing
wish-redemption service."
That's a dramatic-ass name.
Total nonsense.
Dramatic or not,
the wish I made is standing right here!
What?
Put your finger down.
So? Are you in?
Nah, fat chance.
Get out.
A-Mah!
Jin got his tongue pierced!
Okay, Jane!
Okay!
You win.
"Connection No. 1," you said?
Yes!
Okay, truce.
Mm.
You're not part of this.
This is family business.
Don't squeeze my hand so tight, please.
How about we let go at the same time?
If you want my help,
then...
you'll sing while I play the guitar.
Sure thing.
Let me hear
vocals worthy
of a big singing contest.
It's not all that good.
You're ready!
Don't be nervous.
You ready?
Ready?
- She is!
- I am.
There you go. Come on now.
Don't be intimidated!
- Be confident!
- But I'm nervous!
Be confident!
♫Those nice words you whisper♫
♫And how you changed me for the better♫
♫Make me the luckiest one alive♫
♫I wonder how and why♫
♫We were perfectly thrown
into the same orbit♫
♫It may be coincidental or fated,♫
♫But it doesn't matter
as much as the way my love grew♫
♫What a pleasure to meet you♫
Jane!
Did listening to your friend sing
enchant you into a trance?
No, it's just...
She sang beautifully.
Can't argue with that.
After hearing how beautifully you sang,
I think I know who you're looking for.
Really?!
There's no one else.
See? He's connection No. 1 for a reason.
You went all this way to help me
only because you want to take
full advantage of me, didn't you?
That's not it.
Or is this just a pity move
since I'm scared of ghosts?
Duang-Jai told me about it.
That's not it!
What?
Why are you doing this, then?
After you passed away,
you didn't know
how you were leaving this world.
Mm.
So what?
You're a jinx.
You caused my son's death!
A-Mah...
That's enough.
Come with me.
A-Mah!
Am I really a jinx, Mom?
Don't listen to what she said.
If that day...
Papa hadn't been
in such a rush to pick me up,
he...
wouldn't have died.
No, don't say that.
Do you think...
he was aware right then...
that he wouldn't get
to be with us anymore?
Poor him, don't you agree?
Those who left this world
without a chance to say goodbye
must've carried deep sorrow.
For me,
the most dreadful way to face death...
is when you don't know
how you're leaving.
I didn't even get a chance
to say goodbye to Mom.
All of a sudden, she was gone...
without a sign.
She told me...
the most dreadful way to face death...
is not knowing how you're leaving.
Come on.
They probably weren't in sorrow.
What makes you think that?
Look at me.
I can't remember my past,
but I've never felt sad.
Who knows? If I'd known how I'd die,
I might have been even sadder.
So why are we doing all this?!
Well...
Since we came all the way here,
I'm starting to have a good time!
Come to think of it,
you're actually pretty nice, Jane.
With that intense gaze,
you two might as well get a room.
Jin, what the hell?!
Just get outta here.
Don't listen to him!
I got us an appointment.
Whoa, really?!
Hey!
But...
This one is like a mad dog.
Just a heads-up.
Here are your visitor passes.
Oh.
How long have you been here?
Gosh, took you long enough.
We got the passes ages ago.
Good girl, how smart of you.
Shall we?
I never thought
I'd get a chance
to set foot in the Clare Tone Building.
I've always listened to their songs.
Now that you mention it,
that kinda rings a bell.
Really?
It's a prominent company, isn't it?
It really is.
He's also under this company,
but I don't know why
he never really blew up.
For bands like us, it's called...
being 'niche-famous.'
You wouldn't discover it
if you had crappy taste.
Here's someone with fine taste.
We dress like this!
Right?
That looks ordinary.
Do you know why
Jin never became famous?
Because his band
is literally called 'Almost Famous,'
so he's stuck being almost famous!
I can hear you!
Let's go.
Speaking of taste? Everything went wrong
after you named the band.
Nope!
I said, "No fucking ad-libs." Try again!
♫I'm at fault for discovering a fine tree
with a chipped axe blade♫
♫I wouldn't dare claim it…♫
♫I'm at fault for discovering a fine tree
with a chipped axe blade♫
♫I wouldn't dare claim it…♫
Miss Clare...
What now?!
What, Jin?
Why didn't you call ahead?
Hello.
I'm fucking buried in work.
Who did you bring with you?
Just say what you want.
I've wasted all day on this artist.
He can't fucking do it right.
- Huh?
Right!
It's nothing.
It's just that this guy
is all the rage right now!
Uh, let's get to the point.
They need help,
and they will be
the ones asking you for it,
right?
She's right here, so go ahead.
Why are you here talking about angels?
That's nonsense.
Am I a fucking joke to you?
Go play outside, children.
And tell your little friend
that what she's wearing
doesn't work.
That look is terrible.
It does work.
Excuse me.
Are you praying for her downfall?
That heavy wolf cut is so last decade.
Huh?!
Heavy wolf cut?
What heavy wolf cut?
What?
Honestly, she has a point.
I was gonna bring it up
when we were out front.
Can't you take hints?
You're dressing funny.
Your hair was just short yesterday.
Did you suddenly get extensions
just for that hairstyle?
Let me take a photo.
Smile.
Three, two, one, cheese!
- Shit!
Why does she look like that?
What? The camera quality is solid.
Heaven's order.
Are you really an angel?
You bet I am.
Come on, say that again.
That's familiar.
Isn't it?
- It is.
- It is, isn't it?
Yes, ma'am.
Hey, doesn't she sound familiar?
I can't place it.
Damn, forget it.
Get out.
Mr. Jin, please escort your friends out.
Miss Clare is exhausted today.
Please leave for now.
Jane, watch out!
Take a pic!
Maybe that's it!
You two, freeze for a sec.
Just stay still like so.
Maybe that's it. It's possible, right?
It is possible, Miss Clare.
What do you mean?
Nothing.
What did you want my help with?
Right, we would like to trouble you
to introduce someone to us.
My friend, Z, has such beautiful vocals,
so I thought you might know
a friend of a friend of a friend
of a friend of a friend of a friend
who you can introduce to us.
Jin...
These kids are unhinged.
Unhinged?
Out of everyone in this room,
you're the most unhinged one.
Come on, let's go home.
No chance I'm staying. Let's get a move on.
You like getting on my nerves, huh?!
- What's on your mind?
- Argh!
What?
Can you stay out of my business for once?
What's your position?
A manager, isn't it?
Then, your job
is to take care of your artist.
If you can't finish recording,
I'll fucking charge
every single one of you.
Assholes...
Here.
Don't expect too much, Jane.
There are tens of millions of people.
There's no way we'd find one that easily.
Aren't you curious
why everyone suddenly
saw you as weird-looking?
Why was that?
I heard Duang-Jai said...
Heaven's order.
"Heaven's order."
But this wasn't the case before,
and as far as I know,
it doesn't happen to other angels.
Honestly...
Sometimes, those above
are pretty wacky.
What for, though?!
Ugh, I don't get it!
There, there.
Whoa!
Hey!
You still have the audacity
to be in the kitchen?
What?
I just want to take care of you.
It's a piece of cake, really.
And it's for you.
Look at you being all caring.
What do you really want?
I just want to be useful for once.
It does look yummy.
Cute, isn't it?
Right,
last night, I slept on it.
Since those above
decided to make you
look like an old-school idol,
should we turn you
into an influencer of that style?
If you blew up,
you could help me
with my shio pan business.
That sounds interesting.
But...
if I were in front of a camera,
wouldn't I be super tense?
What? Just don't think about it!
Come on, let's give it a try.
Three, two, one.
Whoa!
Look!
Whoa, why is it like this?
Does this mean...
you're gonna change every day?
How is that even possible?
That means the content
I've come up with is down the drain!
Heaven, why are you doing this to me?
Isn't this already hard enough?!
But...
This might work better for your content.
How?
Well, since I'm gonna change every day,
you won't even have to come up
with something new.
Whoa, you're right!
Snap and switch!
How awesome.
Dope!
Are you ready?
I am!
- Today, we're going to Mars!
- Mars!
Let's do it!
And action!
Shio pan, shio pan.
Buy 2, get 1 free. Buy 4, get 2 free.
Buy 8, get 3 free!
Hey!
Get 4 free!
Shio-shio pan,
how scrumptious, how scrumptious.
have you tried it, have you tried it?
Let's eat!
Yay!
We're definitely going to Mars today!
What's the matter?
What are you doing?
Your nails are really tough.
I got it.
What are you doing?
Scratch my back.
- Scratch your back?
- Mm!
Go a bit lower.
A little to the left.
There.
A bit longer, please?
Do it right in the middle.
Okay...
Can you do the level 1 speed?
Here's level 1.
Level 2!
Level 3!
That tickles!
Do it right!
How about the swing mode?
- Just kidding.
- You try it.
Like this!
Hey, there are some likes coming in.
Some comments, too.
I'll read it for you.
"Where do you get that costume?
It looks so realistic!"
Five,
nine,
two,
four,
five!
Whoa, look!
These are the orders
from yesterday's video!
Whoa, that's a lot!
Exactly!
- Wow!
- Aw, I'm so happy!
Finally, you made yourself useful!
Yay!
Here.
Why are you giving me this?
So you can start writing
a new song in the meantime.
Today, we're taking it further.
A new song?
Mm!
Okay.
It's Jin.
[Slide to answer]
Hello, Jin. What's up?
Huh?!
Miss Clare has agreed to help?
Yeah.
But she said you had to work for it.
Work? What work?
Well, acting in an MV.
Huh? An MV?
Right.
She texted me saying,
"Tell Jane and Z
they have to help me with my work
if they want my help.
It'll take fewer than five days,
less than two hours a day.
And most importantly,
they have to get dressed up at home."
Are you fucking crazy, bro?!
And she knows Z's outfit
changes every day, doesn't she?
"That's what I like.
No need to find costumes.
You two will play girlfriends.
The idea is that you're mad at her,
and she dresses up every day
in fancy outfits to win you back."
There's that. Are you down?
What the actual hell?
Okay, Jin.
Thanks.
That angel's voice sounds familiar to me.
If you wanna know where I recognized it from,
come help me with my work.
Periodt!
Irasshaimase!
Are you Jane?
- Hello.
I'm gonna give you a rough briefing.
For you, it's basically nothing.
Just sit still and look pretty
while she makes up with you.
The hard part's on you.
That's fire.
I heard you have a lot of costumes
in your wardrobe.
That's even better than what
our costume team prepared.
- Right...
- Here's the plot.
You're gonna dress funny
to win her back every day.
She gets mad on Friday,
then caves and makes up with you
on Monday.
That's about it.
Thank you.
Why do we have to go this far?
We're not even getting paid.
What?
Didn't you say you'd help
find out about who I am?
I'm helping!
Miss Clare is here!
Be ready, guys!
Hello.
You'd better do it right.
Don't waste my time.
So? Are we gonna start?
Yes, ma'am.
- Thought so.
- Has the camera been set up?
And action!
Hey, you.
Let's make up...
'Kay?
Huh?!
Cut!
Did you just straight-up read the lines?
I can do that myself
with a fucking script.
If you're dressed like a samurai,
you need to act like one!
Jeez! Not like that.
You're gonna act funny to win her back!
Do you get it?
You fucking suck.
I'm gonna give you one more chance.
If you two can't get it right,
I won't be helping you anymore.
Can I please have ten minutes?
Make it five.
Alright, five minutes.
We'll be back.
Let's go, we'll take five!
Why can't you even do that?
Can you please calm down?
I've just never been
in front of a camera before.
Neither have I.
You need to stop being a dead weight,
jerk!
What's going on?
Did Miss Clare get into your head?
Look at all the cursing.
If you keep fumbling,
I'll send you back to the ghosts.
Hey!
Please don't, Jane.
From now until we're done filming the MV,
don't ever talk to me.
Can we please make up?
Here.
Jane!
Are you still mad at me?
Didn't I tell you that we weren't gonna talk
until we're done filming the MV?
But...
Don't follow me!
Jane!
Give me that!
No!
Let me have it!
Give me that!
Please let me sleep by your side.
Please...
Let go!
Sleep here.
Jane, don't do this to me!
Please let me sleep by your side...
No!
Get out!
That! That's it! On point!
Everything went right!
Flawless!
I'm gonna cry...
That was good, really.
But let's do it again.
There's nothing I'd fix.
Good, good.
You're so cold-hearted.
What? Your acting was so stiff.
If we'd kept acting like that,
Miss Clare would've kicked us out.
I was completely terrified.
I thought you were going to send me back
to the Spirit Relations Department.
Look.
Even if I don't send you back myself,
if you keep misbehaving,
the app will take you back anyway.
Don't threaten me, Jane!
I don't wanna.
Wanna try?
Wanna go back?
Well,
says the person who kissed me
in front of everyone.
Weren't you shy?
It was a peck,
- not a kiss!
- But it was.
Just a peck!
Ugh!
Gosh!
Uh!
- What's the difference?
- Huh?
Don't bring this up ever again.
I only did it
to help you find your relatives.
Fine.
Okay, that concludes today's conversation.
Time to go to bed.
Sleep!
Right,
tell Joon and the team to gather
all of last year's demos for me.
Everything from last year... Yeah.
Make it quick.
Bye.
♫You secretly got my head in the clouds♫
♫Your smile almost got me on the ground♫
There's only one left,
so let's share it.
Mm.
Here.
Wait!
That's so good!
Mm!
We sold two boxes today.
Your video was helpful, you know?
It brought in two customers.
Wow, two customers...
Hm?
It's Miss Clare.
Hello?
Is everything okay?
Yeah, the lines I sent you.
Tell your friend to record them
and send them back to me.
Alright, I'm on it.
All of them, yeah.
Here.
She asked if you could read these lines
for me to record.
What is that? A poem?
And why do I have to sound it out?
Gosh, just do it.
Here, give it a try.
"You secretly got my head in the clouds."
"Your smile almost got me on the ground."
Why are you making that face?
I don't know.
That poem just suddenly felt familiar.
But I think it's nothing.
Okay.
You secretly got my head in the clouds.
Whoa...
♫You secretly got my head in the clouds♫
Are they the same person?
You secretly got my head in the clouds.
She sent something else.
Here.
♫You secretly got my head in the clouds♫
♫Your smile...♫
♫Your smile almost got me on the ground♫
♫You secretly...♫
Do you know this song?
I don't.
What?
But it just rolled off the tongue
after listening to it.
What is it that she sent?
Look.
This is a demo someone sent me.
Nobody's heard it except my team and me.
Does this mean...
Do you happen to know
who sent the demo?
I'll find a way to help you then,
but I have a lot on my plate right now.
Can you two give me a hand first?
No matter how many times I listen to this song,
it still sounds like your voice.
Why doesn't it ring a bell?
When fate smiles on you, luck favors you!
If you're in such a hurry,
you should've come yesterday.
Hello, Jane.
My office is no different
from a zombie apocalypse!